events/ccp52018/README.md, before:

![CCPBioSim logo](../../images/ccpbiosim_logo.png)

# [CCPBioSim](https://ccpbiosim.ac.uk) teaching at CCP5

Event Dates: From Saturday 15th July 2018 to Tuesday 18th July 2018

## Summary

CCPBioSim are happy to work with CCP5 to deliver biomolecular training workshops
as part of the CCP5 Summer School.

## Information

* [Code of conduct](https://ccpbiosim.github.io/workshop/events/ccp52018/conduct.html)
* [Workshop server / how to download and use at home](https://ccpbiosim.github.io/workshop/events/ccp52018/server.html)

You can talk with each other and the trainers using the 
<a href="https://etherpad.net/p/ccpbiosim_ccp518" target="_blank">workshop etherpad</a>. Please
keep discussion respectful and remember the [code of conduct](https://ccpbiosim.github.io/workshop/events/bristol2018/conduct.html).

## Programme

### Monday 16th July

* Morning : Introduction to Jupyter, followed by Introduction to BioSimSpace

Introduction to Jupyter: Connect to the [workshop server](https://ccpbiosim.github.io/workshop/events/ccp52018/server.html)
and navigate to the `python_and_data` folder. This provides a menu of lessons in
Python. You only need to look at the `01_jupyter_howto.ipynb` lesson. You can look 
at other lessons if you have time, or if you are uncomfortable with Python.

Introduction to BioSimSpace : Continuing on the [workshop server](https://ccpbiosim.github.io/workshop/events/ccp52018/server.html)
navigate to the `biosimspace_workshop` folder. Follow the lessons in order from
`01_introduction.ipynb` to `04_molecular_setup.ipynb`.

* Afternoon : MD Analysis

Connect to the [workshop server](https://ccpbiosim.github.io/workshop/events/ccp52018/server.html)
and navigate to the `md_workshop` folder. All of the material is here, as will be
described during the lecture.

### Tuesday 17th July

* All day : [Visualising Binding Free Energies using Swap-Based Methods](https://ccpbiosim.github.io/xswaps/)

Commit message:

Added link to the MD workshop

events/ccp52018/README.md, after:

![CCPBioSim logo](../../images/ccpbiosim_logo.png)

# [CCPBioSim](https://ccpbiosim.ac.uk) teaching at CCP5

Event Dates: From Saturday 15th July 2018 to Tuesday 18th July 2018

## Summary

CCPBioSim are happy to work with CCP5 to deliver biomolecular training workshops
as part of the CCP5 Summer School.

## Information

* [Code of conduct](https://ccpbiosim.github.io/workshop/events/ccp52018/conduct.html)
* [Workshop server / how to download and use at home](https://ccpbiosim.github.io/workshop/events/ccp52018/server.html)

You can talk with each other and the trainers using the 
<a href="https://etherpad.net/p/ccpbiosim_ccp518" target="_blank">workshop etherpad</a>. Please
keep discussion respectful and remember the [code of conduct](https://ccpbiosim.github.io/workshop/events/bristol2018/conduct.html).

## Programme

### Monday 16th July

* Morning : Introduction to Jupyter, followed by Introduction to BioSimSpace

Introduction to Jupyter: Connect to the [workshop server](https://ccpbiosim.github.io/workshop/events/ccp52018/server.html)
and navigate to the `python_and_data` folder. This provides a menu of lessons in
Python. You only need to look at the `01_jupyter_howto.ipynb` lesson. You can look 
at other lessons if you have time, or if you are uncomfortable with Python.

Introduction to BioSimSpace : Continuing on the [workshop server](https://ccpbiosim.github.io/workshop/events/ccp52018/server.html)
navigate to the `biosimspace_workshop` folder. Follow the lessons in order from
`01_introduction.ipynb` to `04_molecular_setup.ipynb`.

* Afternoon : [Setting up and Running Molecular Dynamics Simulations: Good Practice and Pitfalls](https://ccpbiosim.github.io/md_workshop/)

### Tuesday 17th July

* All day : [Visualising Binding Free Energies using Swap-Based Methods](https://ccpbiosim.github.io/xswaps/)
